Fix Typo's in recieve.md (#5631)
thanos-io/thanos: docs/components/receive.md

# Receiver

> The `thanos receive` command implements the [Prometheus Remote Write API](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#remote_write). It builds on top of existing Prometheus TSDB and retains its usefulness while extending its functionality with long-term-storage, horizontal scalability, and down sampling. Prometheus instances are configured to continuously write metrics to it, and then Thanos Receive uploads TSDB blocks to an object storage bucket every 2 hours by default. Thanos Receive exposes the Store API so that [Thanos Queriers](query.md) can query received metrics in real-time.

Reviewer: [Downsampling](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Downsampling_(signal_processing)) is one word I think. Also, StoreAPI can be one word as it refers to [Thanos's gRPC StoreAPI](https://github.com/thanos-io/thanos/blob/main/pkg/component/component.go#L18),
```suggestion
The `thanos receive` command implements the [Prometheus Remote Write API](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/configuration/configuration/#remote_write). It builds on top of existing Prometheus TSDB and retains its usefulness while extending its functionality with long-term-storage, horizontal scalability, and downsampling. Prometheus instances are configured to continuously write metrics to it, and then Thanos Receive uploads TSDB blocks to an object storage bucket every 2 hours by default. Thanos Receive exposes the StoreAPI so that [Thanos Queriers](query.md) can query received metrics in real-time.
```

We recommend this component to users who can only push into a Thanos due to air-gapped, or egress only environments. Please note the [various pros and cons of pushing metrics](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1H47v7WfyKkSLMrR8_iku6u9VB73WrVzBHb2SB6dL9_g/edit#heading=h.2v27snv0lsur).

Thanos Receive supports multi-tenancy by using labels. See [Multi-tenancy documentation here](../operating/multi-tenancy.md).

> Thanos Receive supports ingesting [exemplars](https://github.com/OpenObservability/OpenMetrics/blob/main/specification/OpenMetrics.md#exemplars) via remote-write. By default, the exemplars are silently discarded as `--tsdb.max-exemplars` is set to `0`. To enable exemplars storage, set the `--tsdb.max-exemplars` flag to a non-zero value. It exposes the Exemplars API so that the [Thanos Queriers](query.md) can query the stored exemplars. Take a look at the documentation for [exemplars storage in Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/disabled_features/#exemplars-storage) to know more about it.

Reviewer: Same as StoreAPI.
```suggestion
Thanos Receive supports ingesting [exemplars](https://github.com/OpenObservability/OpenMetrics/blob/main/specification/OpenMetrics.md#exemplars) via remote-write. By default, the exemplars are silently discarded as `--tsdb.max-exemplars` is set to `0`. To enable exemplars storage, set the `--tsdb.max-exemplars` flag to a non-zero value. It exposes the ExemplarsAPI so that the [Thanos Queriers](query.md) can query the stored exemplars. Take a look at the documentation for [exemplars storage in Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/docs/prometheus/latest/disabled_features/#exemplars-storage) to know more about it.
```

      --grpc-grace-period=2m     Time to wait after an interrupt received for
                                 GRPC Server.
      --grpc-server-max-connection-age=60m
                                 The grpc server max connection age.

>                                  This controls how often to re-read the tls

Reviewer: This is the reason why docs check fails I think. We copy this shell output directly here, and there's a mismatch between CI output and your changes. 

I think you might be using some special shell configuration that causes shell outputs to get modified this way, which might also explain why you see other files change when running `make docs`.

Author: Can you please elaborate more on what might be the shell config which caused this issue. I use custom config of `zsh+tmux` on an `alacritty` terminal emulator.  Any suggestions on what could be a possible fix

Reviewer: So Thanos uses `kingpin` for CLI, which tries to guess your terminal width via a `COLUMNS` env var while printing help/usage text: https://github.com/alecthomas/kingpin/blob/master/guesswidth_unix.go. You can check what it gets set to when you run `make docs` and try to change that to the default 80 value.

If it feels difficult to change, you can just undo the changes done to shell output in the `md` file. 🙂

Author: Yeah, that was the issue exactly. my alacritty config had the columns set to 97 which somehow created this fuzz. Wasn't able to exactly correct it through config, manually removed the white-space chnages and hence the CI passed. Thanks
